Does this woman have any powerful background backstage?
What do you mean?
Who is it?
He is the CEO of Galaxy International Group
Tang Miaoyin is also the eldest lady of my Tang family
Impossible, how could he be Tang Miaoyin?
You lied to me.
You are Mr. Tang
Exactly.
I am the CEO of Galaxy International Group
Tang Miaoyin
What do you think?
I'm not qualified yet.
Cancel the project contract with your neighbor?
This is my personal business
You shouldn't have picked mine hey
I said that this trash can't have this strength
It turns out that all this is done by Mr. Tang
Mr. Tang, oops
It was all a misunderstanding just now, blame this trash
Oh, Mr. Tang
This trash is envious and jealous of his neighbor's prosperity
That's why he came to the Longmen banquet to make trouble
I have a waste outlet like this
It's not really worth it.
My man please make irresponsible remarks
Since Rong Yuan has divorced
Then he is free
Now this lady announces
Start today.
Ye Rongyuan is my man
Anyone who dares to bully him
Ask me first if I should